Help file for python-fu photolab_addborder.py
Author Raymond Ostertag
License GNU/FDL


Object:
Add a simple border plain color around a picture. Optionnally add a title below 
in a polaroid style. Works as standalone or in batch mode. 
In standalone it creates a new "border" layer below the activ layer. You can 
also directly export the result then the new "border" layer will be removed


Menu:
Filters / Photolab / Add border
Filters / Photolab / Batch works / Add border

Usage:
Directly from GIMP you can work in multi layered files, the active layer will 
be used as picture to create the border. No matter the size of the layer, the
border will be build around and the image resized to let you show the border.
In batch mode, you are supposed to read jpeg or png flattened files. Xcf 
and gif files will be flattened before applying the border


Parameters:

Source directory = batch works only, working directory in which the batch is 
running and the files to handle are

File extension = batch works only, only the files with this extension will be 
treated

Destination directory = batch works only, the new created image will be saved in 
this directory. Source and Destination directory can be the same, the original 
image won't be overwrited. The name of the new image is suffixed with the word
BORDER 

Border size = set the size in pixels of the border

Border color = a plain color is used to fill the border, no shadow

Add thin black border= in option a 1 pixel border around the picture

Thin border and Title color = this color is used to draw the thin border and
also the title if there is one

Add title = in option a title below the border. 

Title size = the bottom border is increased by this value. You don't need to 
care of the text font size. It is automatically set to fit inside the picture 
(stroke as one single line, text centered)

Title = the text of the title. Should be UTF-8 encoded or ASCII

Title Font = the font to render the title

Export = standalone only, export the result instead of create a new border 
layer in the original file

Export directory = standalone only, like Destination directory


In script parameters:

titleGap = set to 0.05. It's used as padding value for the text inside the 
bottom border. It should not be very high otherwise the font size will be two
small

tagDefault = set to BORDER. The suffix added behind each new file name
