Help file for python-fu photolab_exif_autosynchronize_2camera.py
Author Raymond Ostertag
License GNU/FDL

Object: 
A batch work applying at two sets of photos each taken from an other camera.
The photos have been taken at the same time and your wish is to merge them
in one single album. In order to have them in chronological order, the time offset
between the 2 internal time of the cameras is calculated from 2 references
photos taken at the same time.

Dependencies :
The following software must be installed until Gimp won't be able to manage
EXIF datas from a script.
For the EXIF tools, you must install JHead at:
http://www.sentex.net/~mwandel/jhead/ 

Menu:
Filters / Photolab / EXIF tools / Synchronize 2 cameras


Parameters:

First reference photo = the photo taken as reference for the internal
time of the first camera

Use different first source directory or file extension = If this option is set to No,
the directory where the first reference photo is and its extension will be used
to determine where the photos of the first camera are and which extension do
they have. If this option is set to Yes, you must fill the following fields.

...First camera source directory = directory where the files to handle from the first 
camera are. The photos will be copied in the Merging destination directory.
The copies will be prefixed by the shouting date.

...Extension = only the files with this extension will be treated. Apply to the files
of the first source directory.

Second reference photo = the photo taken as reference for the internal
time of the second camera

Use different second source directory or file extension = If this option is set to No,
the directory where the second reference photo is and its extension will be used
to determine where the photos of the second camera are and which extension do
they have. If this option is set to Yes, you must fill the following fields.

...Second camera source directory = directory where the files to handle from the second 
camera are. The first and the second source directories can not be the same. The 
photos will be copied in the Merging destination directory. The copies will be prefixed by 
the shouting date.

...Extension = only the files with this extension will be treated. Apply to the files
of the second source directory.

Merging destination directory = directory where the images are copied. The destination 
directory can be one of the source directory. In this case, the files of the source
directory identical at the destination directory won't be copied and the original files
will be modified.

