Help file for python-fu photolab_makewallpaper.py
Author Raymond Ostertag
License GNU/FDL


Object: 
Create one or more wallpapers from a picture. Works as standalone or in batch 
mode

Menu:
Filters / Photolab / Make wallpaper
Filters / Photolab / Batch works / Make wallpaper

Usage:
You can create one wallpaper for yourself or a collection of wallpapers for 
publishing on the web. Directly from GIMP, the active layer will be used to 
create the wallpaper. In batch mode, you are supposed to read jpeg or png 
flattened files.


Parameters:

Source directory = batch works only, working directory in which the batch is 
running and the files to handle are. 

File extension = batch works only, only the files with this extension will be 
treated

Destination directory = the new created wallpaper will be saved in this 
directory. Source and Destination directory can be the same, the original 
picture won't be overwrited. The name of the wallpaper are suffixed like 
wallpaper_RESOLUTION_NAME_WIDTH_HEIGHT.jpg. The wallpapers are always saved in 
JPEG format.

Cutting mode = the size of the picture and of the screen are probably not the 
same ratio. The picture is never deformed, it mean's that you have to cut the 
original picture. You cut only width or heigth never both at the same time. 
You can choose cutting operation acting as center, keep top-left (depending if 
you cut widht or height) or keep bottom-right (depending if you cut widht or 
height). Finally you can choose don't cut, in this case the picture is not 
cutted and the wallpaper is filled with a black color

Border percentage size = additionnal and optionnal border. With the value 0, the
border is not created. With a value 50, the border is the half size of the 
wallpaper. The border is filled in black

Custom, Custom Width, Custom Height = custom size of the wallpaper, for screens 
resolution who are not listed below. Custon is Yes or No, create the wallpaper 
or not. Custom width and height are given in pixels

XGA 1024x768, WXGA 1280x800, SXGA 1280x1024, WSXGA 1600x1025, UXGA 1600x1200, 
WUXGA 1920x1200, QXGA 2048x1536, WQXGA 2560x1600 = standard wallpaper resolution 
names and sizes. Indicate Yes or no to create the wallpaper or not.
